Deutsche Bank pays multi-million pound fine in the USA Fresh trouble is following hard on the heels of the uproar around Josef Ackermann , CEO of Deutsche Bank : Deutsche Bank faces a multi-million pound fine in the USA . As if the problems at home were not already enough for Deutsche Bank , the industry giant 's past in the USA is now also catching up with it . Frankfurt-based Deutsche Bank will pay <number> million dollars ( <number> million Euros ) to settle disputes arising from the bankruptcy of five major credit unions during the financial crisis . The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities . The National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) , a financial market regulator , accuses a string of major banks of having used false promises to mislead credit unions into buying the financial products . The value of the securities dropped dramatically during the financial crisis and brought down the credit unions . `` We are happy to have resolved the issue without the parties going to court , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman in New York . The bank did not admit culpability in the settlement . The same is true of Citigroup , which agreed to pay <number> million dollars . The NCUA chairman , Debbie Matz , welcomed the responsiveness of the two banks . The National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) is responsible for the US credit unions and intervenes in bankruptcies to protect customer deposits . The NCUA is fighting for compensation for losses that run into the billions . The current settlements are the first of their kind . The regulator had also approached other major banks and sued JPMorgan Chase , the Royal Bank of Scotland and Goldman Sachs in the summer . The dubious mortgage securities are so-called mortgage-backed securities . They are underpinned by home loans . This sealed the fate of a number of financial companies when the US property bubble exploded in <number> . The US investment bank , Lehman Brothers , went belly-up in September <number> at the height of the financial crisis . The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later . Investors and regulators have brought a vast number of claims for compensation or to punish misconduct . The Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) has been behind the largest wave of claims . It accuses <number> major international banks of having taken in US lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on mortgage transactions valued at around <number> billion dollars . Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the FHFA covering multiple transactions with a total value of <number> billion dollars from <number> to <number> . The regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt-based bank take responsibility for `` substantial losses , '' but has not yet specified the exact sum . Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims as baseless and has declared its intention to fend off the claims .
