victory in Israel Caja Laboral achieved a stunning <number> victory on their visit to the Maccabee Electra court despite Dusko Ivanovic 's team 's heavy losses , and after the great performance by Mizra Teltovic , who was the best on his team with eight three-pointers scored ( <number> points ) , they now at the top of their group . The Vitorian team knew to make up for the significant absences of Herrmann , Oleson , Huertas and Micov with a big dose of involvement and teamwork , even though it had to hold out until the end to take the victory . Additionally , their huge success from the sidelines , with <number> three pointers scored , had a lot to do with the final triumph . The game started out in favor of the Azulgranas , who put themselves ahead on the scoreboard from the start . As Vitora 's first four baskets were from the perimeter , the speculation was already that they had jumped into the Israeli net with hot wrists . English and Teletovic were the main scorers of the <number> at the end of the first period . The second quarter was more of the same , but the Alavan team opted for the inside game of Barac and the work of Eliyahu , who was greeted with whistles and applause at his return home , to continue increasing their lead by half-time ( <number> ) . Teletovic had already begun to stand out as the best on his team with <number> points , even though Splitter 's `` six fewer '' points already signaled that it was n't going to be the best night for the Brazilian . But the game , despite being headed for halftime , was not more decidedand the Maccabees tried to remind the Vitorians that not just anybody wins on their court , and with the ` hand of Elias ' putting the pressure on , they managed to get involved in the game . Eidson and Pnini played a decisive role in the `` yellows ' '' return to the light . More disadvantages Ivanovic 's players , injured but far from dead , needed to run a couple of plays correctly before they could breathe , and that 's when the machine gun Marza Teletovic arrived , with three almost consecutive three-pointers and the help of English and Ribas , he brought the scoreboard back to a reassuring lead ( <number> ) , which the home team managed to narrow down at the end of the third quarter ( <number> ) . The Alavas worked themselves to the bone in the last period , and English and San Emeterio ( <number> ) had already made it clear that they were not going to let anyone take away what they had earned during the first thirty minutes . However , Pnini and Eidson , the best on their team , did not give up and tried to keep their team alive from the three-point line ( <number> ) . In spite of this , and with Splitter fouling out , Ivonic 's team did n't rush , defended well , and , even though the Israelis came close at the last minute , the game was already won and victory escaped Tel Aviv for the first time in the season .
